# Endocytosis
Filaments-Membrane Interaction Simulations

Actin polymerization in yeast is the primary mechanism for overcoming the large turgor pressure that opposes clathrin-mediated endocytosis. While generation of pushing forces by actin polymerization is fairly well understood, it is not clear how actin polymerization produces pulling forces. Previous work using a finite element approach has suggested that continuous spatial variation of the polymerization rate can generate pulling forces. We extend this work by performing calculations on a discrete system of actin filaments with all subunits explicitly treated. We stochastically simulate growing arrays of up to 200 semiflexible actin filaments in a square network, where each filament interacts with the membrane via an interaction potential that has both attractive and repulsive components. The crucial protein Sla2, which binds actin filaments to the membrane, is assumed to contribute a strongly attractive component to the potential. The polymerization and depolymerization rates depend on the filament-membrane gap. We model the elasticity of the actin network by linear springs connecting adjacent filaments to each other. The inner filaments of the array are taken to correspond to a Sla2 patch. They are thus bound more strongly to the membrane, and grow more slowly. The simulation results show that the outer filaments push on the membrane, while the inner filaments pull on it. We calculate the total pulling force as a function of several model parameters, including the potential depths, the free filament on- and off-rates, the numbers of fast- and slow-growing filaments, the filament tip stiffness, and the network rigidity.

